Hellllppppp_Meeee
terrain 2
background 1
water clear
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxoo+oo    xxxxxx\"zzzxxxzzxx
xxxxxxxwwwwwwwwxooooo    xxxxxx\"zzz++xzzxx
xxxxxxx        x|||||||||xxxxxx\"zzz++xzzxx
xxxxxxx        x        |xxxxxx\"xxxxxxzzxx
xxxxxxxmmmmm#  x        |xxxxxx\"xxxxxx==xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxx  x        |xxxxxxzzzzzzzzzxx
xxxxxxxxxxx    x        |xxxxxxzzzzzzzzzxx
xxxxxxxxxxx    z        |xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxx    z        |xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxx    z        |xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxx    z ++   |||xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxmmmmx ++ /    xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx=====    xxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx         x   xxxxxxzzzzxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    \" \"\"\"x   x |||xzzzzxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    \"   \"x > m  /|xxzzzzxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    \"   \"x\"xxx || xxzzzzxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxmmmm\"\"\"\"\"x\"\"m   |<xxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\" xm\"m   |<xxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\" x\"\"m   |<xxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\" x\"mxxxxxxxxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"  \"zzzzzzzzzzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"  \"zzzzzzzzzzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxxxxxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"xxxxxxxxxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"xxxx|||xxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\"xxx> /|xxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx            xxxx\"xxx |||xxzzz\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx            xxxx\"xxx xx|xxzzz\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx            xxxx\"\"m   <|xxzzz\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx         D  xxxxm\"m   <|xxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx      ======xxx \"\"m   <|xxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx              x \"mxx xxxxxzzx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx              x xxxx xxxxxmmx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx  ====        x      xxxxxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx              x  >  ^xxxxxxxx\"xx
xxxxxxxxxx       ===    xxxxxxxx        xx
xxxxxxxxxx2               ++++          xx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
